i'm a big fan of yours i'm from india my
name is soro
and i have this question uh what's the
role of artificial intelligence here uh
on landing pages
does it really help uh so you're saying
what's gonna be the role of artificial
intelligence online yeah on the landing
page
on landing pages
um
i don't think you're going to see much
artificial intelligence any time soon
you're going to see virtual reality okay
for example like with skin care you can
show virtual reality of the product and
people can actually like start watching
it and seeing it that's going to happen
much quicker than artificial
intelligence
at least that's what i believe because
that's what i'm seeing companies put out
a ton of money before they were putting
into artificial intelligence
but going back to artificial
intelligence you're going to start
seeing things being very very
sophisticated in which they're going to
know more about the person like the ips
the address knowing that someone in
brazil wants to learn english because
that's the most common things that they
do
this is where you're going to see the
most increase in sales
now
going back to artificial intelligence
it's all data that people are analyzing
the problem with it is privacy laws are
changing you're going to see a lot of
new regulations come out in the eu
within the next i think it's three
months
uh or four months we're already redoing
a lot of our terms of service and
privacy it's also going to make
artificial intelligence harder but if
you want a quick trick to make more
sales you guys are all affiliates you
guys drive people to products and offers
go create a video a remarketing pixel
for anyone who clicks the button because
you know if they click the button
they went to the landing page right
because you can't always put your pixels
on other people's landing pages
they limit you
put it on based on a click of a button
you're pixeling someone with
because you can always send them a
redirect right you're pixeling them
with a conversion pixel that ends up
saying all right if they have this i'm
going to show them a video on youtube
and facebook through remarketing
for the next seven days that talks about
this product or service and the
experience they would get if they bought
it it is the highest form of converting
ads that i've seen
by far and that's what you guys should
all be doing and do the opposite picture
of the landing page because if the
landing page didn't make them buy that
means you have to do the drastic
opposite and it's the best way to get
them to convert okay that's some good
suggestion just one more question which
is the tool that you would recommend for
landing page your favorite of all
my favorite tool for landing pages
i like using leadpages a lot um
clickfunnels is good but the problem
with landing pages if you want to do
custom crazy stuff you can't use any of
them you just have to have like some
cheap labor from upwork whip them out
for you okay thank you you're welcome
uh while we get someone else here i
wanted to know what you think about uh
messenger marketing and whether you're
integrating that into your funnels at
any point messenger marketing works it
converts well
uh but the automated chat sequences
we're seeing the numbers go down in
conversions like i wasn't talking about
much about messenger stuff
until
six months to a year ago and that was
because my numbers started going down so
i was like all right let me share all
the messenger stuff but at one point i
was getting like 60 to 70
click-throughs yes you know some people
like i get 90 but i'm talking about in
volume right
what's easier than messenger is push
notifications you guys drive a lot of
people so what i do is i'll do a push
notification on the squeeze pages that
you control and get people to opt in
it's really high converting just use
https pages because then it's in browser
and people don't know what they're
accepting and they just usually accept
everything and then you can do drips
through the push notification doing like
quick lines of education driving them
back to more landing pages and getting
them to convert for all your other
offers that are related to you because
then once you already have one skincare
product and you know they buy that go
offer everything else that's related to
that demographics it's a great way to
make more money from your uh paid
traffic and i think that's the number
one thing that affiliate marketers need
to focus on is making more money from
customers over the lifetime rather than
just that's correct it's all turn and
burn and i don't understand why yeah i
work with a few affiliate companies yeah
it's changing because facebook ads are
getting more expensive if it wasn't
affiliates are lazy
yeah of course um and there's nothing
wrong with that the money's quick and
some of you guys are crushing it like
more power to you guys right but if you
can make double your money why wouldn't
you
yeah totally anyone else out there
so hey hill this is uh deepak from can
you go a bit closer to the mic hey neil
this is deepak from india and i have a
blog called digitaldebug.com
so one of my questions is that what do
you think is the future of sas products
because i see more and more sas products
being offered on a premium premium tier
where a lot of features are being given
away for free so that they can attract
the market so and i have watched your
videos where you have talked about it
where um
you had kissmetrics and then mixpanel
gave a gave a free tier uh yes uh put a
whatever
people just want the free tier yes yes
so so i have an opt-in tool as well we
are developing an opt-in tool and we
gave a free tier of that we have like
2000 sites deployed but then we have
difficulty in converting them into paid
customers so i see even when you look at
crazy egg you see um hot jar giving a
giving away a free tier so what if in
the future more and more people give
even more free tiers in trying to attack
the market then how do we eventually
monetize the people who are so when you
do free it's hard to convert visitors to
customers if you're doing free roughly
five percent of most sas four to five
percent convert into paying customers
uh if you're really good you can get
like eight nine percent and most of them
when they're doing the free trials they
say free premium trial or free account
and then they try to get you to put in
your credit card and then if you don't
they drop you down into a free account
after 30 days but they push you oh your
plan is going to expire and they're
really aggressive on the marketing
free works extremely well because it
makes your ad costs lower
but when you're doing this you got to
optimize your funnels for all of you
guys out there in the affiliate world
i'm not a big affiliate i don't really
do much affiliate marketing but i know
so many of them you rank pretty high
though yeah ranked number one you're
really everyone for affiliate marketing
yeah uh at least in the us
and what i've learned is i see
everyone's data because i don't compete
so everyone shares it with me
the people who do sas
are making the most in the long term
they're making the last lease in the
short run the conversions are crazy but
what they find is the ltv of the
customers because they pay for like a
year two years
and these companies as affiliate
how easy it is for you to sell your
company when you're doing a million
dollars a month in profit let's be
honest how many of you guys think you
can sell it for forex profit raise your
hand how many of you think you can't
sell it and it would be hard to find a
buyer raise your hand if you don't think
it would be easy to find a buyer
all right how many of you guys think you
guys can sell it for like a few x profit
if you're lucky raise your hand
all right no one wants to raise your
hand
either way i'll tell you guys one little
secret
do you know how much my sas companies
evaluated us take a guess
which one what multiple of uh what
multiple
forex
i can get six to 10x revenue
that's crazy my profit just has to be
break even
i'm telling you i can sell a company of
6 to 10x yearly revenue for being
breakeven how crazy do you guys think
that is ridiculous and it's because it's
reoccurring that's correct it's just
stable yes
much more predictable
go for reoccurring solutions
okay build wealth it's really easy the
buyers for these companies a private
equity company will buy these all day
long they'll turn some profit they'll
borrow money from the bank at like
six percent interest and they'll use
your profits because they'll make it
let's say profit twenty thirty percent
to pay off the bank loan and they'll own
the company outright by only putting
twenty thirty percent down and then
they'll sell it again that's the model
huh so one more question you are free to
say no to this uh if you want so how big
is your email list and do you use
convertkit for your email my email list
on neilpatel.com or total i'll give you
neilpatel.com
uh non-paid email list is around like
550 000 active
subscribers with the 30 plus percent
open rate but i don't sell to my email
list hence the high open rate ah nice
okay cool we got to move we got two
people waiting behind us here we got
five minutes left thanks appreciate it
thank you
what up neil hey chris over here i love
your stuff so thank you so much you're
welcome i remember way back you
mentioned lucid dreaming was a very hot
topic
um what was the hot topic lucid dreaming
okay yeah yeah i remember you said that
in berlin i was going to bring you
berlin so i was wondering what are some
ways you recommend knowing what's hot
right now and finding new trends
uh so
google trends of course lets you know
what's hot that's easy
um you can use tools like keyword tool
dot io and uber suggests so if you put
in keywords it tells you what people are
searching for related to that industry
and it gives you all the long tail and
that works out extremely well
other than that look for what people are
talking about on like facebook on their
streams not where you're seeing ads but
what people are talking about in their
streams and that usually becomes hot
check out google news what's usually
trending and hot there is typically
popular as well
but go for those authentic conversations
rather than the correct not the paid ads
go for the authentication that's what
they want you to talk about not
necessarily what people actually want
correct cool awesome thank you so much
uh hi neil thanks for your uh great talk
and also thanks for sharing like all the
material with your blog and podcast so
this is a question for like both you and
eric so what would you recommend for
like selling higher value product like
uh let's say a training product for over
two thousand dollars would you focus
more on content marketing or like
facebook ads
uh
you can do facebook ads there's a guy
named jason hornick who does it for all
the people who sell
two thousand dollar plus offers
he can usually get you a two to one on
your ad spend
i've never met him personally i have
nothing affiliated with him um when i
was running with him i was selling high
ticket offers through webinars i
remember i did a speech on webinars in
awa in the past was awa or berlin one of
the other i think it's berlin i'm not
sure one another but you can get the
presentation for them or if not send it
to me or shoot an email i'll send you
the deck that teaches you how to make
like a perfect webinar that converts
really well
and uh i believe jason got me up to like
a half a million or six hundred grand
per month
a lot of it was profit
works better than content marketing my
buddy sam you know sam evans sells high
ticket offers
in the multi-multi multi-millions
not a seven figure guy you're talking
about eight figure nice it converts
really well test it out and you're going
to introduce me to jason horning i will
introduce i'm looking forward to that
yeah we we sell tickets you know
webinars are the best way we've found
for sure webinars combined with with
retargeting essentially with a a smaller
tripwire in the beginning where you
provide some value sell them up to a
webinar and then our remarketing numbers
you probably probably some people get
remarketed by our by us in this audience
here
you see it all the time so it's like
that remarketing and it's insane the roi
that you get on remarketing but what
we've got to figure out is cold traffic
yes well how many of you guys want to
sell through webinars and make like a
two to one on your ad spend
if enough of you raise hands i'll do
something for you guys all right now the
hands started to come up um
if you email someone at the event i can
send it to you just eric
holdings yeah i will shoot you over
my email sequences for webinars feel
free to copy them just don't use my name
i'll send you my slide decks i will send
you my um
my hacks for webinar jam like exit
pop-ups within there the fake chats we
create we even ping people or when they
leave the browser we put a ping notice
so that way they know to come back so
that way they're not distracted the text
alert notifications i'll send you guys
at all you should be able to get at
least two or three to one on your ad
spend well
merry christmas
merry christmas everybody let's give
neil a big round of applause